Welcome to From Zero to Firebase: A Hands-On Guide for 2025 Angular Projects.
Today we'll build a complete Angular application with Firebase integration.
Firebase provides backend services without managing server infrastructure.
Let's start by creating a new Firebase project in the Firebase console.
Enable Firestore database and configure security rules for your application.
Install Angular Fire library to connect your Angular app with Firebase.
Configure Firebase credentials in your environment files.
Initialize Firebase modules in your app.module.ts file.
Create your first service to interact with Firestore database.
Implement CRUD operations: Create, Read, Update, and Delete documents.
Firestore uses collections and documents to organize your data.
Real-time updates make your application responsive and dynamic.
Subscribe to Firestore observables to get live data updates.
Authentication setup allows users to sign in and manage their data.
Enable Google, email, and other authentication providers in Firebase.
Secure your Firestore rules based on user authentication status.
File storage with Firebase Storage for images and documents.
Deploy your Angular application using Firebase Hosting.
That's a complete Firebase integration with Angular for 2025!